README.md, before:

# OpenHarvest

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache2-blue.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) 



Open-Harvest Is a group submission and Second Place Winner for Global Challenge [Call for Code](https://developer.ibm.com/callforcode/) 

# Schedule
![Schedule](./images/Schedule.png)

## Contents


- [OpenHarvest](#openharvest)
- [Schedule](#schedule)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Demo video](#demo-video)
  - [The architecture](#the-architecture)
  - [Long description](#long-description)
  - [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Building app](#building-app)
      - [backend](#backend)
      - [frontend](#frontend)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Authors](#authors)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)


## Demo video
[![Watch the video](https://github.ibm.com/Open-Harvest/Open-Harvest/blob/TylerBranch/images/OPENHARVEST1.PNG)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gZagLno-v8&t=10s)



## The architecture


![Architecture](./images/architecture.PNG)
## Long description
[More detail are available here](./DESCRIPTION.md)


## Getting started

### Prerequisites

* [node](https://nodejs.org/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Included with node)
* [git](https://git-scm.com/)

### Building app
#### backend
1. Create Certificates
   ```
   brew install mkcert
   mkcert -install
   mkcert localhost 127.0.0.1
   ```
2. Create Mongodb Data Directory
   ```
   mkdir {YOUR_PATH}/mongodb:/data/db
   ```
3. Create docker-compose.yml
   ```
   version: '3.7'
   services:
    mongodb_container:
      image: mongo:latest
      environment:
        MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_USERNAME: {YOUR_ROOT_USER}
        MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_PASSWORD: {YOUR_ROOT_PASSWORD}
      restart: unless-stopped
      ports:
        - 27017:27017
      volumes:
        - {YOUR_MONGO_DB_DATA_DIR}
   ```
4. `cd` into `/backend` and rename `.env.example` to `.env` and replace the placeholder values.
   
5. 
      ```
        npm i
        npm start
      ```
  
#### frontend
  ```
  cd frontend
  npm install
  npm start
  ```
## Built with

- [Carbon Design System](https://github.com/Philipsty/carbon-angular-starter) - web framework used
- [IBM Cloudant](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog?search=cloudant#search_results) - The NoSQL database used
- IBM Cloud Foundry
## Authors

![THETEAM](./images/THE_TEAM.PNG)
- Team Lead: Tyler Philips
- Ravi Nain
- Ryan Pereira
- Vikas Jagtap

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Based on [Call For Code README template](https://github.com/Call-for-Code/Project-Sample/blob/main/README.md).

Commit message:

Fix Mongodb path command and docker-compose example

README.md, after:

# OpenHarvest

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache2-blue.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) 



Open-Harvest Is a group submission and Second Place Winner for Global Challenge [Call for Code](https://developer.ibm.com/callforcode/) 

# Schedule
![Schedule](./images/Schedule.png)

## Contents


- [OpenHarvest](#openharvest)
- [Schedule](#schedule)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Demo video](#demo-video)
  - [The architecture](#the-architecture)
  - [Long description](#long-description)
  - [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Building app](#building-app)
      - [backend](#backend)
      - [frontend](#frontend)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Authors](#authors)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)


## Demo video
[![Watch the video](https://github.ibm.com/Open-Harvest/Open-Harvest/blob/TylerBranch/images/OPENHARVEST1.PNG)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gZagLno-v8&t=10s)



## The architecture


![Architecture](./images/architecture.PNG)
## Long description
[More detail are available here](./DESCRIPTION.md)


## Getting started

### Prerequisites

* [node](https://nodejs.org/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Included with node)
* [git](https://git-scm.com/)

### Building app
#### backend
1. Create Certificates
   ```
   brew install mkcert
   mkcert -install
   mkcert localhost 127.0.0.1
   ```
2. Create Mongodb Data Directory, anywhere you want but preferably in the same directory as the docker compose.
   ```
   mkdir {YOUR_PATH}
   ```
3. Create docker-compose.yml
   ```
   version: '3.7'
   services:
    mongodb_container:
      image: mongo:latest
      environment:
        MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_USERNAME: {YOUR_ROOT_USER}
        MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_PASSWORD: {YOUR_ROOT_PASSWORD}
      restart: unless-stopped
      ports:
        - 27017:27017
      volumes:
        - {YOUR_MONGO_DB_DATA_DIR}:/data/db
   ```
4. `cd` into `/backend` and rename `.env.example` to `.env` and replace the placeholder values.
   
5. 
      ```
        npm i
        npm start
      ```
  
#### frontend
  ```
  cd frontend
  npm install
  npm start
  ```
## Built with

- [Carbon Design System](https://github.com/Philipsty/carbon-angular-starter) - web framework used
- [IBM Cloudant](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog?search=cloudant#search_results) - The NoSQL database used
- IBM Cloud Foundry
## Authors

![THETEAM](./images/THE_TEAM.PNG)
- Team Lead: Tyler Philips
- Ravi Nain
- Ryan Pereira
- Vikas Jagtap

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Based on [Call For Code README template](https://github.com/Call-for-Code/Project-Sample/blob/main/README.md).
